Answer the following questions:


In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India? 225

In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX? 8

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors? Both 0

In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website? USA

Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity? 11am

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type). gz file is a type of zip file, css is for front end web servers, zip is a compressed file, deb files are for debian linux, and rpm is a package manager file.




Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.

Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity? There is nothing that seems strange.



Filter the data by this event.

What is the timestamp for this event? 0-3am on 11/25/2021
What kind of file was downloaded? deb
From what country did this activity originate? India
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor? 200 96%, 404 4%



Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.

What is the source IP address of this activity? No results
What are the geo coordinates of this activity? No results
What OS was the source machine running? windows xp
What is the full URL that was accessed? No results
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate? No results



Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing? The user was downloading debian files on a windows operating system
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for? The file could be for an instance of linux.
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity? Doesn't seem suspicious but Kibana didn't want to show me anything to aswer the above questions so maybe I am missing something.
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines? No




